MAIN HOBBIES

I really enjoy playing soccer, snowboarding, playing video games, and listening to music.

Details of main hobbies:

Soccer: I've played soccer as long as I have been alive and have some crazy stories.
        I was brought out of a semi-final game with stitches on my face after a collision with the goalie of the other team. I then came back later that day for the final game, and I scored the winning goal for the trophy.
        I played on a regional californian team which was effectively the all-stars of the players of teams who are in the region around Davis, CA.
        I was a varsity soccer player as a freshman in high school and had a great career there.
        I dropped soccer in college to focus on a longer term income goal like a tech career over chasing a career in athletics.

Snowboarding: I've been snowboarding since second grade. Before that, I was a skiier. After my first lesson, it was not the same to go back to skiing, so I became a snowboarder.
                I have gotten good enough to hit pretty much any terrain on the mountain, despite never being a part of a snowboard team.
                I am currently working on my park riding. I have these tricks mastered: frontside 360s, 180s, 50/50, backside boardslide, grabs. I'm working on these tricks: backside 360, other railslides, grabbing while spinning in the artificial.
                I was a snowboard instructor at Eldora in Colorado while I was going to college at CU Boulder. At that point I didn't have a car so I would have to take the 5am bus on the weekends to get to the mountain on time before I got to know my coworkers. 

Music: I grew up on Classic rock from my dad, along with influences in bay area hip hop (as I am a native to the San Francisco Bay Area), and learned to appreciate EDM during my time in Colorado.
        My favorite artist is Mac Miller. I have a tattoo of him and I unfortunately never got to see him live. But his music has really changed my life for the better and I'm so thankful he made the music he did.
        I also like these artists: Pink Floyd, Aerosmith, Van Halen, Led Zeppelin, Tyler the Creator, Frank Ocean, Kendrick Lamar, Fisher, Rufus Du Sol, Djo, and many others alike.


CASUAL INTERESTS

Video Games: I was raised playing Wii games like Wii Sports, Smash Bros., Lego Star Wars. I also had a neighbor who had Halo and that was my first FPS game.
                Now, I play video games like Battlefront, Arc Raiders, Destiny, Hollow Knight: Silksong, and League of Legends.
                Battlefront is a realistic first person shooter that has large scale battling and is considered very realistic. I would agree with that take.
                Arc Raiders is a futuristic first person shooter that has a dystopian setting that the ARC (robots) have taken over the planet and humans can only go to the surface for gear and loot. It's very wild-west like in that regard and has PVP and PVE aspects.
                Destiny is a futuristic first person shooter that incorperates the light (magical entity) into our characters. Highly customizable, very in depth, and visually beautiful game that takes place on various planets and moons in the solar system (not all of them).
                League of Legends is a MOBA that I have a love hate relationship with. I play champions like Akali, Kai'sa, Azir, Jhin, and Kayn. But I have been playing long enough to be versed on most champions. I peaked Gold 1 in rank but could probably hit Platinum if I tried. i hate teemo
                I am good at racing games while they are not my ideal gaming time game to pick. I used to be really good at mario kart but that has been a while.
                In smash bros. I main Falco and Cloud. As they are fast, nimble characters.
                My favorite story game is called Detroit: Become Human.

Guitar: I learned a lot of Rex Orange County songs in my time because he makes good music and some of his songs are entirely composed with guitar, so I get to actually say I know the whole song when I fully learn it. 
        I have spent time learning about scales and enjoy jamming to various progressions like Jazz 4-5-1 and others alike.
        I'm good enough to put down most chord progressions and have gotten to a point where I just need to work on my soloing and my creativity about what I play.

Cooking: I grew up around restaurants, worked in a few, and have learned a lot. 
        I like cooking steaks, but I'm known for my meal prep dishes and my breakfast burritos!

Anime: My favorite animes are Naruto, Hunter X Hunter, Code: Geass, Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood. 
        As of late, I've really been liking Frieren, Jujutsu Kaisen (I cosplayed as Nanami from the show for Halloween one year), and Demon Slayer.

Sports: I'm a long time fan of all San Francisco teams including: Warriors, Giants, 49ers, and Sharks.
        I know a lot about football players as I was in 3 different fantasy leagues and got 2nd in 2 of them.
        I am also a huge soccer fan and follow Chelsea and USMNT. I'm currently making plans to go the Fifa world cup final.

CURRENT OBSESSIONS

Lately I've been really into learning about artificial intelligence and machine learning. It's fascinating to see how quickly the field is evolving. I just finished a bunch of machine learning certifications regarding supervised and unsupervised learning, and neural networks.
I'm currently learning about Agentic systems and am excited to learn more so I can build my own agentic systems.

THINGS I WANT TO LEARN

I'd love to travel more. Top of my list is Japan since I haven't been there and the culture is very enticing to me. I also heard they have great snowboarding/skiing there! I'd also love to go to New Zealand, and more national parks in America. I've been to the ones in California and Colorado.

MORE INFORMATION ABOUT ME 

I am an Eagle Scout
My girlfriend's name is Brianna or Bri for short. She's awesome and I'm very happy to be with her.
I value being well rounded.
I have gone on solo backpacking trips in colorado around Vail, been camping all over the place in california and colorado including yosemite, outside Denver, in BLM Land (bureau of land management)
I have 1 younger sister, her name is Parisa.
I have 1 older brother, his name is Tanner.
My dad's name is Aabi.
My mom's name is Lisa.
